Song Yuanjiang is not your biological father
Grandpa is
They lied to you.
Wife is your biological mother
The young master is your biological brother
You are Su Qingyi, the eldest lady of the Su family.
How is that possible?
Mr. Zhou has not investigated everything
Liu Jing is his biological daughter
It's all fake.
Liu Jing doesn't know where
I got a photo of the lady when she was a child
And clothes deceived the wife
Miss you wait
Boy, look at these things
Aren't these my things?
I keep it at home all the time.
What are you doing here?
That is Liu Jing going to your house to be lazy
The assistant by his side, Shen Yue, is Li Jing's cousin
They must have discovered the identity of the lady
Take these things and pretend to be a lady
I heard the wife is worried
Took Liu Jing's hair
Let Shen Yue do a paternity test
The results confirmed their mother-daughter relationship
hair
Fake is fake
I have been in the Su family for 30 years
The wife was kept in the dark by them
But they can't fool my eyes
Then you know that Liu Jing is fake
How do you know I'm real?
Because they're going to dig up your tree
15 years ago, she was the wife of the elderly
I dug one of your kidneys and saved the young master
You are the young master's biological sister
Only your kidney can save him